Meeting Chairman: If we are all here, let's get started. First of all, I'd like you to please join me in welcoming Jack Peterson, our Southwest Area Sales Vice President.
Jack Peterson: Thank you for having me, I'm looking forward to today's meeting.
Meeting Chairman:  I'd also like to introduce Margaret Simmons who recently joined our team.
Margaret Simmons: May I also introduce my assistant, Bob Hamp.
Meeting Chairman:  Welcome Bob . I'm afraid our national sales director, Anne Trusting, can't be with us today. She is in Kobe at the moment, developing our Far East sales force.
Reviewing Past Business
It's a good idea to review past business shortly before moving on to the main topic of discussion. 
Meeting Chairman:  Let's get started . We're here today to discuss ways of improving sales in rural market areas. First, let's go over the report from the last meeting which was held on June 24th. Right, Tom, over to you.
Tom Robbins: Thank you Mark. Let me just summarize the main points of the last meeting. We began the meeting by approving the changes in our sales reporting system discussed on May 30th. After briefly revising the changes that will take place, we moved on to a brainstorming session concerning after customer support improvements.
You'll find a copy of the main ideas developed and discussed in these sessions in the photocopies in front of you. The meeting was declared closed at 11.30.
Beginning the Meeting
Good morning,Meet me today at 9 PM. Because I have a meeting in afternoon.

Make sure that everyone has an agenda of the meeting and stick to it. Refer to the agenda from time to time during the meeting to keep the discussion on track.
Meeting Chairman: Thank you tomorrow Tom. So, if there is nothing else we need to discuss, 24-02-2018 let's move on to agenda. Have you all received a copy of today's agenda? If you don't mind, I'd like to skip item 1 and move on to item 2: Sales improvement in rural market areas. Jack has kindly agreed to give us a report on this matter. Jack?
10 pm